Fix #430: Update JVM to 25 (#431)
wultra/user-data-store: docs/User-Data-Store-1.6.0.md

The new `DocumentGetRequest` also supports `documentType` and `attributes` fields for filtering.

## Dependency Updates

### Docker Base Image Upgrade

The Docker base image has been upgraded from `ibm-semeru-runtimes:open-21.0.9_10-jre-noble` (OpenJDK 21) to `ibm-semeru-runtimes:open-jdk-25.0.3.0-jre-noble` (OpenJDK 25).
No action is required.

### Spring Boot 4 and Jackson 3

> PowerAuth Cloud has been migrated to Spring Boot 4 and Jackson 3.

Author: ```suggestion
User Data Store has been migrated to Spring Boot 4 and Jackson 3.
```
